.TH topgen-vmail.sh 8 "MAY 2016" "TopGen Simulator" "TopGen Manuals"
.SH NAME
topgen-vmail.sh \- configure virtual mail domains for TopGen.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B topgen-vmail.sh
[
.B \-fvh
] [
.B \-c
.I vmail-config
] [
.B \-t
.I target-dir
]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B topgen-vmail.sh
generates virtual mail server configuration for the (domain, server, users)
sets provided in a configuration file.
.SH OPTIONS
Options available for the
.B topgen-vmail.sh
command:
.TP
\fB\-c\fR \fIvmail-config\fR
Specifies an alternative virtual domain configuration file. Entries
are provided one per line, using the following format:
.br
<hostname>.<domain> <ip-addr> <usr1>:<pw1> <usr2>:<pw2> ...
.br
This option defaults to \fB\fI/etc/topgen/vmail.cfg\fR.
.TP
\fB\-t\fR \fItarget-dir\fR
Specifies an alternative directory where all results (scraped content,
list of vhosts, certificates, config files, etc. are stored.
.br
This option defaults to \fB\fI/var/lib/topgen\fR.
.TP
\fB\-f\fR
Force re-creation of virtual mail domain configuration.
.br
CAUTION: any pre-existing configuration will be lost!
.TP
\fB\-v\fR
Increase verbosity level of output (may be used multiple times).
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR topgen-scrape.sh (8),
.BR topgen-mkdns.sh (8)
.SH BUGS
The same certificate could be used for both IMAP and SMTP, if not for
SELinux labeling preventing it. SELinux policy for the TopGen package
should be sorted out, so we don't have to manually set context on the
various bits and pieces of generated configuration.
.SH AUTHORS
Gabriel Somlo <glsomlo at cert.org>.
